hello everybody I am too old for toys
and this is does it count as a gash upon
well it's certainly a candy toy it's a
compiled set of six boxes each
containing a vital piece the
construction of the one-to-one scale
rx-78 - - as it was seen in shizuoka
let's see the beam saber and a 30th
anniversary little block just piercing
in the ground and in each one of these
there is a bit of instructions an
identical sheet of instructions for each
of the boxes a little piece of chewing
gum that's why it's called the candy toy
and here are all the bits put together
there are a few sprues in here let me up
the little figures oh dear we had a mini
earthquake there you go one two three
four five six and quite clearly
it's like beginner frame of the real
statue that we have and it's currently
being rebuilt in Odaiba again you see
that the legs are on the backs of little
trucks I like the form and they're
holding out the plans I think well this
one to one scale so yeah the parts are
scattered throughout this little box
said it's all painted nicely decaled
I wonder if her the decaling is unique
for each built that they do this one
like I said was she's a walker version
don't I say that look sort of grain and
there's a forklift somewhere as well
here we go there's a forklift lifting a
Gundam helmet how cool is that so I'm
gonna put it all together for you into
its finished state so nice little place
at this and this is what he looks like
or assembled from his constituent parts
and very nice he is to see how many
people to gain one two three ardan Oh
tons of them enough to make a small
crowd and it gives a very good sense of
scale as to how big it would be in
person compared to a real person bit of
a shame of my one the guys at the
factory had a bit of a glue spill on the
steps there but otherwise it's okay
without detailed that decals can see
that Gunpla 30th anniversary nice and
sharp and the rest of the decals as well
excellent
so this set of candy toys retailed for
something like 2200 yen which isn't too
bad the eyes are painted a gold color
rather than yellow and I didn't see any
other paint spills or anything like that
so the quality is overall very good you
see the different shades of grey or kind
of cream and tan as well which
replicates the different shades we have
on the real grade when I say real grader
that's what they referred to the
one-to-one scale as well
so paint apps very good and the building
experience is a lot of fun as well as
pretty much like assembling a Gunpla but
with all the parts pre painted and
already separated from the sprue all you
need a fingers there's no real
articulation and this but this is the
perfect pose that you should have him in
anyway so no complaints there slice
comparisons where the tin of pop it's
quite way smaller than a tin of Pop
given that he's raised on a pedestal
there he works out at around 1 - 190
scale who's smaller than the 1 to 200
scale no we know so it's quite small but
otherwise he's perfectly formed and he
makes a very nice desk ornament one that
you build yourself much in the same way
as they built the one-to-one scale it's
a nice concept and if they'll have one
for the ODE diver site as well it
doesn't seem to have the pick being
safer which is a shame
so that's your lot until next time